[ext-doc] New SidePanel API documentation (#6178)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/architecture-overview/index.md

[The options page][doc-options]
: The options page (`options.html`) provides a way for users to customize an extension, such as choosing which sites the extension will run on. Users can access the options page in several ways as described in [Finding the options page][doc-options-view].

[Side panels][api-sidepanel]

> : Extensions can also use side panels (`sidepanel.html`) to provide additional functionality alongside the main content of a site. Users can open side panels by navigating to Chrome’s built-in sidebar menu or by clicking the extension toolbar icon. Side panels can be displayed only on specific sites.

Reviewer: Tweaked this a little to make it clear that there's a single side panel that may contain different content, and also that it isn't limited to specific sites unless you want it to be :)

```suggestion
: Extensions can also provide UI to appear in the side panel (`sidepanel.html`) to provide additional functionality alongside the main content of a site. Users can open these by opening the side panel in Chrome or by clicking the extension toolbar icon. Side panels can be configured to only be displayed on specific sites.
```

Author: Good point! 👍
